The more I play with AI agents, I do
realize that I need a person at the
beginning of the process and the end of
the process. So I still end up having
more people.
>> Some of it will be different roles, but
I'm very optimistic that we're going to
use this technology to grow more and do
more as opposed to just replace.
>> This is Aaron Levy, founder of Box.
>> Welcome 4 billion company. 64% of the
Fortune 500 uses his platform. He says
we have 3 years to build the next
generation of AI companies. These market
windows happen every 10, 20, 30 years in
technology. The mainframe, the personal
computer, the internet, the
cloud/mobile.
>> If you were starting today, what would
you do to find the right idea to test it
and to make first money?
>> My first thing would be
>> 5 days ago, you posted this. We're at a
unique moment of history where anyone
with high level of ambition and core
skills in any area can overcome a lot of
historical experience requirements for a
role. Can you talk more about that? So
there's this interesting dynamic where
uh a a younger group not necessarily in
age but maybe in skill or time in that
domain. So an earlier group in that
domain um can have as much leverage and
in many cases even more because of their
mindset differences than somebody that
is like super experienced in a field.
Now now interestingly the the advice can
go in all directions because you can you
know you could have somebody maybe too
early in that field and then um and then
use AI in the wrong way and get the
wrong outcomes. Uh, equally you could
have somebody extremely experienced that
decides to adopt the technology and then
they have a total superpower because
they understand all of the contours of
of whatever they're working on, you
know, whether it's writing code or doing
healthcare or doing biotech. And they
will be actually uh even more capable of
of leveraging these tools if they have
the kind of right mindset wiring uh to
be able to lever them leverage them. And
so I think that the core idea is that
we're just in this amazing moment where
if you're super ambitious, you want to
go deep in the technology. Ideally,
you're technical or or becoming
technical, so you can kind of really
know your way around these tools. You
can make up for again lots and lots of
years of of skills that that you would
have otherwise had to go and develop.
And I think that's an incredible thing
for democratizing
um you know, knowledge and skill sets
and expertise. uh I often am am building
things or designing things or coming up
with things that I have, you know, in
any other do in any other version of the
world I would never have been able to go
do. But now I I I know just enough to be
dangerous in in in those areas. And and
it helps me prototype. It helps me
generate new ideas. It helps me kind of
work with callins faster because I can
kind of like highlight the way I'm
thinking about something where normally
I wouldn't be able to like draw on paper
what I'm coming up with, but that I just
say, "Okay, this is the rendering that
we're looking to do." Uh, and so again,
I think that's an incredible technology
that's available to everybody for those
that want to to adopt it and and lean in
right now.
>> What would you say to someone uh who's
watching this, but they've also heard a
lot of news about layoffs, about college
gradu graduates not getting enough jobs
because they're being replaced by AI?
>> Uh, what would you say to those people?
Yeah, I think there is. I think we're at
a moment right now where uh and these
these happen in history, you know, every
couple decades or every, you know, 50 or
100 years where there's a major
technology disruption or transformation
and there's a lot of questions around,
okay, where did that show up? Who are
the the people that get enabled by that
and they can do even more? Who are the
people that maybe get displaced by that?
And what do they do next? So, we're in
one of those periods where it's a it's a
serious topic and a real conversation.
Um I do think that some of the negative
kind of commentary and messaging out of
you know the industry or even you know
kind of political uh you know
institutions uh probably is overweing
the negative side and underweing the
positive side. Um for instance I'll give
you one example. So there's a sort of
death of the software engineer topic
that that comes up and that comes up
because these AI models are really
really good at code generation. So
they're really good at writing code and
like you you look at them and you're
like, "Oh my god, that's incredible how
much code it just wrote and it it wrote
that code as as well as another engineer
would have and that's all totally true,
but to get that code into production, to
make sure that it's secure, to have it
maintain an application on an ongoing
basis that doesn't get hacked, to make
sure it's integrated across all your
other data systems and database and
infrastructure, that still requires a
tremendous amount of knowledge and
expertise in the field broadly of coding
and in software development. And so the
people that are going to be able to best
leverage the technology are actually
going to be software engineers using
code agents to be able to generate
vastly more you know code output than
they would have been able to before
>> but that's that's today. Do you ever
think about like in 5 years AI is going
to be able to do that? Uh I don't know
look at the market strategize around
some problem that the market is not
solving yet build a company develop
software and that's it. there's a lot of
data signal that isn't, you know,
digitized in a in a format that the
agent can go with. And there's a lot of
ways the agent can get confused by
accessing the wrong information or doing
the wrong thing that you didn't intend.
And so for all of these reasons, it
leaves humans in in some kind of
supervisory capacity for what these
agents need to go do. And so, does it
need the same number of humans as we
have today for the exact same workflow?
No, not not usually. But are there a lot
new workflows that businesses will now
do because they have access to those
agents? That's the sort of bet that I
have. And so the way I kind of think
about it is is if you think about that
five-year out scenario, let me let me
paint a slightly different one. I'm a
small business. You know, preai, I was
three people. We were selling something
online. It was a good business. It sort
of paid the salaries of these three
people. But let's pretend I I had even
more ambition and and I wanted to go
after a bigger market. What do I do if
I'm if I'm those three people? Well,
it's like I have to hire a sales team.
and I have to hire a marketing team. And
a lot of people are just like, that's a
really high barrier to entry to grow my
business, you know, meaningfully.
Now, enter agents. And you're like, oh,
I want an agent to go and generate this
marketing campaign, or I want this agent
to go and build a better website that
delivers a better experience for my
customers. Well, what happens next? If
it works, now you have more customers.
Now you have more supply chain issues.
Now you have more customer kind of
interaction challenges. You have new
features they want you to build. Then
all of a sudden, because you had agents
go and get you some of the way to
getting some of the work automated, my
hunch is that same three-person business
becomes five people or becomes 10 people
because they now have automation that's
augmenting the prior constraints and
limitations that they had. I think
that's going to happen as much if not
more than the scenarios where you have a
company that is sort of saying, okay, I
have 2,000 engineers today. I'm going to
have 1500 in the future. I think it'll
be a much more diffuse set of growth
that happens through the economy. Some
of it will be different roles, but I'm
very optimistic that we're going to use
this technology to grow more and do more
as opposed to just replace.
>> So Aaron and I have been talking about
building an AI native business. One
quick thing before we get to it. Look at
your work right now. You maybe have one
tab for emails, one tab for research,
one tab for decks. They all run inside
your company. The problem is none of
them really know the others exist.
Here's what that looks like for us. We
record a podcast episode to turn it into
a LinkedIn post. Somebody on my team
opens the transcript, copies it to
another tool from writing agent, then
copies the output somewhere else. We do
that for every single episode. The
agents already exist. The bottleneck is
that they can't pass work to each other.
A person has to sit in the middle and
move files around. That's what Out by
Cisco is here to solve. They call it the
internet of agents. An open
infrastructure where your transcription
agent can pass a file directly to your
writing agent which can pass the output
to your scheduling agent and there is no
human in the middle. No manual copy
paste. These agents are coming from
different vendors or might be built on
different frameworks. Doesn't matter.
Verify who they're talking to and move
the work forward on their own. It runs
on existing protocols like A2A and MCP
and it works with whatever you're
already building. The open-source
project is called agency.org. It's a
Linux Foundation project outshift by
Cisco was a co-founder with 80 plus
members contributing to it today. If
you're building with agents or just
watching where this is going, go to
outshift.com. Discover the internet of
agents, an open interoperable internet
for agentto agent collaboration. Now,
let's get back to Aaron. And because
we're doing more, we're basically
consuming more, right? And solving more
problems. So, we're becoming a more
abundant world.
>> More abundant. And you you you can't
escape some ultimate constraint. There's
always some constraint in the system.
There's a new bottleneck that emerges.
Um I have lots of things that I've tried
to automate where at the end of the
automation, the very next thing you have
to do is a human has to do some work. It
has to follow up with the customer
because I just can't fully automate that
entire process. It has to, you know,
update data in some system. It has to go
into three meetings and and and kind of
coordinate with some other kind of, you
know, set of set of people. it has to go
to the customer's site and do some
implementation. Um, so there's always
constraints in the system. We just
haven't identified all of the new ones
that happen when agents kind of arise.
Um, there was a funny article uh about a
week ago in the Financial Times where
lawyers are now being inundated with
questions from their clients because
their clients are going to AI agents and
asking questions about legal issues and
they're drafting documents or whatever.
But guess what? Like if you were to go
draft a contract right now, the very
next thing I predict you would do is
you'd go and send it to a lawyer and
say, "Can you just make sure this is
like going to like, you know, hold up in
court?"
>> Mhm.
>> Because in the 3% chance it's not, which
is basically maybe the hit rate of like
like what an agent will get right or
wrong, that's not worth the risk of of
saving $500 of talking to that lawyer.
>> Yeah. Same with like financial advisors,
right? You still want to run something
through a
>> I am like not that interested in
automating my tax my personal tax
process. Like I am totally fine with
with you know the the onetime fee to
just make sure that that is just like a
clean process from from somebody that
has like done this for 10 years or 20
years or 30 years and and there are just
some parts of the economy which is
naturally already where you know dollars
tend to flow where you're like I just
want this done well. I I want my doctor
to be really good. I want my lawyer to
be really good. I want my tax adviser to
be really good. I want them using AI
because if they could somehow like
review more of my data or look at more
of my patient history or look at more of
my my legal history, that would only be
a net positive. But I want that person
ultimately to have some degree of
accountability that's on the line. These
agents have no accountability. They're
not on the line. They're not on the line
for anything. They're going to disappear
in in two seconds later.
>> And you're not going to blame Claude or
or
>> I can't blame Claude. I can't blame
Claude's weights. I can't sue anthropic
like like all of those things. we have a
we have a a a you know we have we have
rules we have laws we have
accountability for the rest of the
economy you don't in agents and so
somebody eventually needs to take on
that that accountability and this is
more of like the the more like legal
related issues but there's still lots of
things where you're like you want to
look at your contractor in the eye and
say you can you deliver this thing for
me not in I'm going to sue you but just
like I want to make sure that you can
deliver on that brand campaign and it
it's going to go
>> human brain human brain behind I even
feel it with social media right I could
totally generate a lot of posts with AI,
but I just don't want to post AI
generated posts. I want a person who
knows my taste and my tone of voice to
look at them. Yes, maybe generate ideas
with AI.
>> There's another funny thing. This is
like totally random and not and and this
is probably more tractable uh in
software over time. But but there's
another funny thing which is I do think
people will kind of get like they'll
probably get prompt fatigued at some
point
>> which is like man I have to always
prompt this agent the same way every
single time just to make sure that it
like works or whatever like humans don't
require that
>> but then you can do cloud project with
instructions. Yeah, sure, sure, sure. I
know. And some people will get really,
really optimized on that. But the nuance
is there are some parts of your business
>> where you just want the person to to be
able to have that context. And you just
want like there are a lot of things I
could probably automate if I like put my
mind to it really really hard.
>> But like now I am basically doing the
work of like five people and it's just
now I have to hold all of that context
in my head as opposed to previously that
context was in the head of of of those
teammates. And I at some point like my
brain's going to explode. I'd rather
those people hold on to that context and
it's sort of worth it. The value of the
of the of the thing being done well is
worth it and worth paying for. Uh and so
I again I want that person to use agents
but I don't want to have to keep track
of all their contacts either because I
run into a
>> you're responsible for the process and
it's in your brain.
>> I don't want to be responsible for our
company's legal review process. I don't
want to be responsible for the invoice
process. I don't want to be responsible
for the brand creation process. But
actually that that's maybe a kind of a
really key point though that you just
said which is which is the more agents
you deploy for yourself the you you take
on the role of the equivalent manager in
another you know kind of organization
the human manager you basically have to
be responsible for whatever the output
is. And so the more horizontal you go in
what you're giving agents the more
functions you now have to
>> the more your brain explodes.
>> Exactly. Literally.
>> Yeah. And you see this in the valley
like people are like totally tired. Like
I have never met a founder right now or
somebody working on a startup that's
like I'm getting great sleep and
>> oh yeah my 50 agents are running my
startup and I'm just sleeping.
>> Nobody's doing that. It's the exact
opposite. They are managing the 50
agents and they are stressed out of
their minds.
>> I was talking to a lot of scientists and
they're the ones who tend to be most
worried. I talked to godfather of AI,
somebody who's been studying AI for 15
years and they're the ones painting the
picture. or Yosha.
>> Oh, Yosha. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yosha. He's like, "We have two years."
Like, what are they not getting?
>> We've had two years though for probably
probably 10 years.
>> That's true. Like it's But what are they
not getting? Uh
>> listen, I have deep respect obviously
like these are these are the the best
minds in in AI and we have we are riding
on their their work. So, so uh so
obviously a tremendous amount of respect
for uh uh for what you know what all of
this kind of category people have
contributed and their ideas. I don't
know if you've interviewed like Yan Lun
um okay well well it'll it'll come and I
I kind of you know more in Yan's camp
which is
>> there's still just a fundamental limit
to these systems. Um they uh they they
have to be the work has to be reviewed.
um any any error rate above like 2% you
know you still then need some
accountability in the process and
everybody kind of says well humans are
already doing that it's like yes but
back to the point I can fire the human
and so and so there's some
accountability at scale in the structure
that that that that exists where the
agent just doesn't have any of that and
so somebody has to take on
accountability for the output of that
agent in your workflow at some point
because what you're not going to do is
be fine when Bank of America says ah
lost your money cuz the agent, you know,
kind of like made the wrong investment,
you know, decision and you're like, uh,
okay, but that's not why I hired you.
>> Exactly.
>> And so that part exists very broadly
throughout our organizations and
throughout the economy. And so I think I
think what some people in the AI
ecosystem that lean more to the sort of
rapid takeoff, you know, kind of quick
takeoff scenario is that they're think
they're they're thinking that because
the agent can do lots of stuff really
well that that sort of diffuses across
the economy in a way that is sort of
this destructive scenario. And and and I
have I don't know if it's a benefit, but
but it's it's certainly a reality. Like
I have the fun pragmatic reality of like
I work with enterprises day in and day
out. And these are enterprises outside
of Silicon Valley. They're in the real
world. They're the manufacturers of our
products. They're the banks that we we
we you know kind of bank with. They're
the life sciences companies that develop
drugs.
>> And and what these really amazing
researchers and thinkers don't do is
they don't talk to those people who are
actually implementing these systems. And
so they see this incredible capability
take off, but they don't realize the
diffusion of that AI across our
organizations is ultimately constrained
by and bound by 30 other things that
doesn't really relate to the super
intelligence that's in that model. It
relates to how do I implement this thing
in a safe way with the right safeguard
so it doesn't blow up my my my data
structure. I I just think that the time
scales are wrong. Uh the way that people
imagine the AI being implemented in
society is is is generally wrong. Now,
there's a one real risk that I agree
with, which is there is cyber security
risks. There are risks of miss or
disinformation challenges. Those are
very real. We need to work through
those. But I'm I'm much less uh inclined
to believe the this thing takes off, it
replaces all white collar work. Um and
then we're in some really bad scenario
on that.
>> But we still hear all the news about
layoffs happening due to AI. Do you
think it's due to AI?
>> Some of it is is definitely not due to
AI. it's overhiring during the kind of
zero interest rate era or the COVID era.
Um, so there's some phenomenon that that
that kind of relates to that. I would
say that some of it it definitely could
be related to AI. Like there are some
organizations that they're like, listen,
I had 3,000 people working in
engineering before. My product roadmap
is sort of not doesn't need to to triple
in in sort of scale. It needs to grow by
50%. And so I think that if each
engineer can be you know 2x more
productive and my road map only scales
you know 50%. Then uh then then I think
that there's some sort of savings there
as a result of that and then they might
do a layoff in that scenario. So I I
think that is real. It's not something
that I can I I I can sort of gloss over.
But what I see from customers, and you
can go online right now and and and I I
I guarantee if you took five random
companies in the Fortune 500, just as an
example, take five random companies, I
guarantee that every one of those five
companies is hiring software engineers
right now.
>> Yeah.
>> And so where are they hiring their
software engineers? They're hiring them
there's a there's a an interesting
posting right now on on Eli Liy's career
website, which is a lab software
automation engineer. This is a role to
use AI to help sort of automate and
increase review of lab results and
automate the lab process in in life
sciences discovery. The kind of general
idea of like AI is going to disray
software jobs that is not playing out
empirically and I I predict it will not
play out ultimately.
>> Hearing that story, the thing I keep
coming back to is that it wasn't talent,
it was the system around her and it made
me think about something very simple.
Most people use Claude like a search
engine. They type in a question, they
get an answer, most times they're not
really satisfied with it, and they close
the tab. I did the same thing for
months, and I was looking at people who
were saying AI is changing their life,
and I'm like, then I spent one afternoon
setting it up properly, uploaded a few
files about how I think and how I work,
and it completely changed. I wrote the
whole process up step by step. You get
it when you subscribe to my newsletter,
Future Proof. It's free. The link is in
the description. Interesting. So you
think we we're going to get more jobs in
the next few years. When you're hiring
now, how is it different from hiring 5
years ago? What are you looking for in a
candidate?
>> So I think right now is a great o time
to be going deeper technically. You
don't have to like doesn't mean like you
have to like be vibe coding all the time
and building entire products, but you
should try and really understand what is
the agent doing, how does it work, how
does MCP work, how do CLIs work, how do
skills work, and and getting really well
verssed in that. the people that are
doing that will have a huge leg up in
the next kind of 3 to 5 years because
all of these companies will be hiring
for people that can do that within their
workflows.
>> So, we're definitely looking for people
that whose technical acumen is is
growing, whose AI sort of savviness and
fluency is growing. Um, you you want to
be using these tools, you know, in your
in your free time as much as possible so
you again understand kind of how they're
working and and what's going on. Um uh
at the same time I don't think a lot of
the uh I I think it actually still
matters that you have like some degree
of domain expertise. Um like you're
really good at marketing, you understand
what customers want, you're really good
at selling, uh you're good at at product
management and and interviewing
customers and and assessing markets.
Like those are like these like timeless
sort of, you know, skills that transcend
any kind of technology revolution. And
so AI is just a way of of augmenting
those domain skills. So there in in some
respects any role that we're hiring for
marketing, sales, finance, engineering,
etc., we need all of those domain
skills, but also we need you to now be
increasingly kind of AI fluent or a
little bit more technical.
>> Uh can you recommend top three apps that
people should be using?
>> Um you know pro I mean it probably won't
be much of a surprise. I would I would
download Codex. I would download Cloud.
uh
>> even for nontechnical people.
>> Codeex 100%. Well, especi partly is is
because codeex is becoming more uh
inclined uh toward knowledge work use
cases
>> and what should they be doing with it
like automate a process within their
>> automate a process give it just like
crazy problems and see what happens like
uh go do this research in this market um
you know wire up multiple MCP servers to
data sources you have um so you
understand kind of how does it work like
how is it querying that that other
system how does it how is it accessing
my email like like oh scary oh
>> no actually I understand it now like
like get get a sense of how that all
kind of is working together. So I think
just any one of the top AI tools for
productivity maybe for coding uh is a
good way to get started and it'll
already get you like 90% of the way
there.
>> So codeex
>> uh pride cloud co-work perplexity like
these are some just easy ones to just
get started with and you'll have a good
sense of kind of what the market looks
like.
>> Do you have any examples of workflows
that you've automated for yourself and
you'll never go back to manual? The kind
of things that I'll never do again is
like I'll never do
>> like market research in a traditional
way. So I'm often asking an agent to
like go and analyze, you know, a hundred
different companies worth of trends or
information. I'll just never do that
again. Like I'll never go to Google and
type each company in and and do the
research. Like I'm going to have an
agent go and and fan out, do all of
that, and then maybe I'll click like,
oh, the underlying sources and verify
something or double check something. So,
lots of market analysis. I'll never I'll
never open up code editor and like, you
know, type code again. And I wasn't for
the past, you know, many years anyway.
But like the reverse is true, which is
now I can actually like get prototypes
built when I couldn't have before.
>> Um, so anything coding related, even
design is like you just go to chat
between you're like, "Hey, I need this
idea done. Could you just like make it
look this?" And then it gets you like
image the new image rendering model gets
you like 75% of the way there. you hand
that off to a real designer and then
they kind of do the the full thing. Um
so there's a lot in the ideation, the
creative process, the market analysis,
customer research, all of those domains
that um that I am heavily using AI for.
>> Is there a certain way you structured
memory? Uh like did you because I hear
some people like upload personal
constitution like their principles of
work. Is there anything like that that
you've done?
>> Um I'm less fancy on that front. Um and
partly because I don't even know what I
would write down. um because I'm all
over the place. So, uh so I am I don't
have a lot of things yet that I would I
would know how to really document. It's
more process specific in which case in
which case back to this sort of
reprompting issue. I'm more just on the
fly just giving it pretty clear
instructions of exactly what to go do.
So like I feel like I'm a pretty good
prompter like like uh
>> so every time it's a long long prompt,
right?
>> Every time it's a long long prompt and
I'll store those off in in various
places. um uh you know by virtue of box
like we're like we store lots of data.
So I have lots of documents that have
information in them that I'm using you
know constantly but it's it's not as as
awesome as like a sole file or a or a
personal constitution.
>> So it's not like we're talking right now
and 50 agents are replying to emails.
It's not that
>> at the moment. Um if you were if you are
if you get an email from me that's a
that's a very uh that's a huge mistake
in our system. So um I am not emailing
you right now via an agent. Got it. Got
it. Okay. So, another thing
>> now,
>> five years from now, could that be a
process that gets automated somewhere?
For sure. Like just as we've always had,
you know, automated email systems for
sales reps or whatever,
>> but it probably won't be that that it
would be like, "Oh, hey Aaron, like I I
have a question about this thing
>> and then I'm going to have like an agent
go do that." Partly because like that's
actually just like the kind of context
that informs me
>> of what's going well, what's not working
well. If I if I automated all of that,
we wouldn't know the next thing in the
business to go fix.
>> So, you don't have an agent that's
running your business basically. Is
there like cuz I talked to some
entrepreneurs and they're like, I share
all my business decisions with my AI.
>> Yeah.
>> And then it looks at all the
conversations I've had with my team
>> and it gives me strategies.
>> Um I I think um first of all, I think
that's really cool that use case. I
think more startups are doing that. I
think if we were at a brand new company
and it was like five employees, there's
a very real chance I'd be doing more of
those types of things because I would be
like, "Okay, I probably need to like
build out our first marketing engine and
I need to build out our sales engine."
And so I would be kind of I would be
documenting way more of that at our
scale, you know, the really interesting
important work is being done across the
organization. So, so that type of of
work is more knowledge that like our
head of brand design or our head of
product design or our best brand design,
you know, designer needs to know or our
product managers in each of the
individual domains. Um, the stuff that
that I do is is sort of look across
those areas and try and add, you know,
extra nudges in the right direction and
kind of course correct. And um and, you
know, an agent could certainly help, you
know, give me advice for how to do that.
But, but I I'm I'm still at the point in
my life where I'm like, I'm I'm going to
see if my brain can do it.
>> There's also the founder energy, right?
When you're talking to your team, you
don't want your agent to be talking to
your team. I think there's some I I
think there's some um there'll be some
like spectacularly hilarious
uh examples like that that probably over
time sort of
>> we're already seeing them like company
data being deleted.
>> Yeah. Yeah. You're going to do that kind
of stuff and and um and I I like
um you know the these agents are like I
I I could be proven wrong about this and
maybe five years I'll be like yeah I was
totally wrong. And this is where Yan Yan
Lun I think would agree and some other
some like you have this you know really
interesting divide in the industry which
is are are these like probabilistic
pattern recognition machines or are they
truly able to to kind of go off on their
own and think for themselves and
depending on kind of where you land on
that continuum then you have some big
judgments that get made. So, I kind of
think about it as there's lots of
business decisions I have to make or
that that lots of people have to make
where just it's a brand new net new
event that happens and and I couldn't
have documented what to do in that
situation. And I I maybe I could have if
I I spent like a year writing down every
single thing, but it's just it's just a
new thing that happened. And so if I if
I try and imagine an agent running
around, everybody's asking the agent
questions, it's only going to be able to
answer the thing that that previously I
have in my in my sort of repertoire of
answers.
>> Many of the things I'm working on are
the brand new net new things in the in
the organization. So me being an agent
across the company would kind of be
useless because because it would only
have, you know, help with the things we
already know.
>> Yeah. Strategies. That that makes sense.
>> Now, now just just to share the opposite
for one second. There's a lot of stuff.
I'd say 80% of our corporate information
is to be reused purposefully. Like you
don't need people like making up a new
answer to an HR policy. You don't need
people making up a new answer to what is
Box's security functionality and how
should I position it to a customer. So
in those cases actually all of your
enterprise information which is what we
do you know as a business is like that
enterprise information becomes valuable
for agents because they can look at the
documentation they can look at the sales
pitch they can look at the the the
meeting you know that that you that was
recorded that actually becomes very
useful information for that kind of run
rate 80% of your company's work.
>> Yeah. But it's for specific work. So
like a founder strategy. Yeah. Uh and
you said some next uh some next great
companies are going to be founded in the
next three years and you gave very
specific timeline. Why three years?
>> Um well uh I mean I mean it could be
three and a half years. Uh
>> it's like not 10. It it looks like we
have a very limited gap.
>> Yeah.
>> In the market where you can build
something great because then it's going
to be another like boring 10 years.
basic theory is like you know these
market windows happen every every 10 20
30 years in technology uh the mainframe
the personal computer the internet the
cloud/mobile
so there's already been kind of four of
these eras and if you look at the
biggest companies you know in in in tech
they generally correspond with when
these windows open there's a couple ones
a couple sort of examples that don't
Facebook sort of didn't correspond with
any particular window it was more of a a
social change that occurred as opposed
to a technological change but most other
other things Google, Amazon, Microsoft,
Apple, uh you know sort of the the real
turbocharging of IBM and and in that era
and Intel and and so on they kind of
correspond to a new technology kind of
found at the foundation level emerges
and then and then you have this opening
where a bunch of new companies kind of
respond to that. In our era, it was it
was Salesforce and Workday and and you
know, sort of enterprise software
companies like Box that that sort of
were able to capture that moment. And
then in mobile, it was like Uber and and
you know, Door Dash and another set of
companies. So, we're in a a window right
now that has all of the makings of that,
which is AI is now emerging. Companies
need to companies are going to want to
apply this intelligence in various
areas. And so there going to be a lot of
applied AI companies that that bring
that intelligence to to businesses to
society to consumers in these applied
use cases. And the only reason it's not
like you know 10 years is because
there's a lot of network effects remotes
that get built. So if you build one of
these companies and you're capturing
data from the customer and you're
improving the feedback loop of the agent
that will just make your technology
better and better over time whereby at
least on paper that that product should
become more uh sort of uh strengthening
its competitive advantage over time. So
that's why it's like yeah it's not like
an infinitely long window because you
know it's very hard to disrupt Walmart
today because customers have been using
it for decades. Yeah. Um and uh and so
you kind of want to be in one of those
spots as these markets are are emerging.
>> Are you seeing any gaps in the market
where a startup should be working on
right now?
>> Um still I mean tons uh but um uh I I
think there's still like I think you
know everyone sort of knows the example
of like Harvey right now for legal.
Yeah.
>> I think there's still lots of of job
functions industries that will have
their Harvey. like I don't think we've
heard the end of the the Harvey for X. I
think there's going to be new
infrastructure that gets built out
because these agents are going to need
new kinds of tools beneath them. Uh
there's uh there's all this new
interesting stuff around well when
agents are doing work within software
they need more headless technology that
they have access to. They might need
payments. They might need and so you
know Stripe and and their their uh this
new company Tempo is is providing
payments for agents. Well, now if an
agent can pay money, then you can start
to think through like, well, what would
the agent pay money for? And there might
be new businesses that emerge that the
agent is now going to transact with.
Like, they're going to need data
probably.
>> They're going to need infrastructure. Uh
they're going to need to do tasks for
you in the economy. Like there's lots of
things that you can start to imagine
that will become these new business
models because of of what happens with
with agents doing this work
>> with a whole new layer of uh active
creatures in the market which are
agents.
>> Yeah, 100%.
>> Uh if you were starting today, can you
walk me through a plan like what would
you do to find the right idea to test it
and to make first money? My first thing
would be some mix of like you know
assume that we've got the most
intelligent sort of system on the planet
so that we have this incredible AI
intelligence and just imagine that
emerges then the question is where in
the economy would that add the most
amount of value and then try and think
through like like are there spots where
like an incumbent isn't effectively
responding to that. Um uh so that would
be like one framework. Another framework
would be like where in the economy is it
hard to deploy agents because there's a
lot of other kind of systems that that
those agents need access to and that's
usually where like there's lots of work
to be done to get the agent to work
within the environment. I'm pretty
excited by a lot of these new um kind of
professional services IT integration
consulting firms that are emerging
because uh when you go to the real world
and you're like oh would you like to
automate your work with you know co-work
or or codeex or any of these systems?
They're like, "Yeah, that'd be awesome."
And then they show you their environment
and it's like, "Ooh, like it's going to
be a lot harder than you think."
>> What markets?
>> Anything.
>> Everybody. Uh, healthcare, law, life
sciences, um, bank, I mean, just every
industry. Um, because if your company is
more than 5 years old, preAI, your data
is all over the place. You've got 30
different systems you're working with.
Your workflows aren't documented to the
prior point. So, that's a lot of change
management you need to go do to
implement agents. So, what does that
spell? That spells opportunity for new
services startups that spells
opportunity for the existing accenturers
and deoites of the world. It's kind of
like a a little bit of an up for grabb
market at the moment because of how much
work there's going to be.
>> How do you decide between like building
versus
>> maybe the only thing is like Mark Cuban
has had this riff and I I fully agree
with it. There's going to be like a lot
of opportunity both for companies, but
even just these will be roles that if
you're like graduating right now, you
might want to think about is like who's
the person that shows up at the 10erson
consulting firm in Minneapolis just to
like pick a non Valley location. Who's
the person that shows up that helps them
take advantage of AI?
>> Yeah.
>> Because they don't have like a big IT
department. They don't have a way to
wire up their agentic workflows very
easily. That's going to be like there's
going to be tens of billions of dollars,
hundreds of billions of dollars that get
made between jobs and services firms in
just just that over the next decade.
>> Also, as an entrepreneur, when I'm
thinking about that, but what if Claude
just makes the process really easy? I
don't know. You just deploy an agent,
they build a specific agent who goes
into your email, whatever you have your
box. Yeah.
>> And creates the whole ecosystem for you.
How do you think about that? Cuz these
companies are getting more and more
powerful, right? If I took your exact
scenario and I'm like, "Okay,
um, an agent's going to read through my
entire email inbox in that in that
scenario and then it's going to access
Salesforce and then it's going to have
some kind of like workflow that
participates in." Like even me as a I've
been building software for 25 years and
I use every single tool that has ever
been produced in AI. Obviously not
literally but but like pretty much
>> I don't feel comfortable implementing
that workflow right now. So the idea
that that 10 person company is going to
go and set that up and just because
Claude became super powerful, I am
skeptical that we ever get to that point
because the reason why I'm not
comfortable with that is like I don't I
have to think through the guard rails of
like what happens if somebody emails me
and then says, "Hey Aaron, I um you
know, you know, you I need you to pull
up this Salesforce record for me that
that you told me you would you would
look you know, look at and um and you
can send me that information. Well, if
my agent has access to my email in my
Salesforce, then the agent should by
design answer that email question and go
pull in the Salesforce record and then
send it out.
>> That's like a non-starter.
>> Mhm.
>> Like you can't just like take any
untrusted email coming in and then have
the agent
>> distribute information
>> and distribute information that you that
your tool has access to. So, so even me
trying to think through how to implement
whatever your scenario was just now, I
would have a hard time thinking through
how do I set the right guard rails? How
do I have the right like alert
mechanisms to me? How do I have the
right sort of human in the loop of like
should I review all of the emails before
they go out and have an interface to do
that? Should I have some escalation
mechanism that like pings me on my cell
if like I need to look at something? How
does the how does the the the person on
the other end of that email inbox not
how do they how do they get to me as the
real person and like get es you know how
do they escape the agentic loop that
they're in?
>> There's like 30 questions that I even
have thinking through whatever that
workflow is. So it's not a matter of
claude is so powerful. It's a matter of
like how the systems talk to each other,
the safety mechanisms of those systems.
How do you define the how do you define
the actual workflow so it it gets done
in a kind of safe and reliable way?
That's the work that a technical person
generally needs to go do.
>> Okay. So, but that's like a big shift
from, you know, being manual to getting
automated as a company. What about
niches where like we see Figma stock go
down when cloud releases the design
feature, right? And if somebody's
working on that type of feature and
they're afraid, you know, with the next
cloud upgrade it's going to be gone.
Well,
>> that's a different issue. Yeah. So, so,
so that that's a different category
altogether which is which is you know
how much will claude or these AI models
eat into the business models of
different industries or different you
know providers. I think that's more of
something where you just have to be very
thoughtful right now
>> to not just build anything. You have to
build things that like what what um are
you building where even as AI agent
progress continues no matter what no
matter how much it continues it could be
infinitely powerful there's still some
other thing that that agent is going to
need to do
>> it's going to need to put its data
somewhere it's going to need to
incorporate into a workflow it's going
to need a a human to take the
information and put it into the real
world over time more and more value will
start to look like things where where
again like it's a well-governed process
that has lots of security or compliance
needs. You have to trust the underlying
system. Um, you know, probably just like
quick personal productivity tools maybe
will be less relevant. At the same time,
like in in the Figma example, I think
cloud design is is actually very very
cool, very powerful. I play with it a
bunch and it it like, you know,
generates, you know, amazing designs.
>> But at the same time, I still want I
still want our design team kind of going
and doing the last mile of work. And
right now, they're doing that last mile
still in Figma. even these things are
not as binary as as as I think maybe the
like Wall Street for instance would
suggest. Um uh so so that's that's why
it's still kind of a you know we're in a
pretty dynamic period right now.
>> Yeah. And it's also because I feel like
the stock reflects what we're thinking
about the next two years and because
this is evolving so so fast sometimes as
an entrepreneur I'm like asking myself
okay I'm building these apps why don't a
language learner just go into chatbt and
like build the Apple VIP code and apply
themselves. I mean, I I think it's it's
a question that every every entrepreneur
should should have a very big whiteboard
that like thinks through various game
theory events that could happen and
where will your value get compressed and
and where will it where will it not and
um and it's it's hard to you know in any
kind of generic way have a perfect
answer uh because it is a very busy
complicated time. Um I but but but again
kind of ironically in like the more
macro sense I think the more that AI is
sort of doing in these kind of automated
things you're just going to see new
constraints begin to emerge like like
you know a lot of people like have like
healthcare classically as this example
and I think Jeff Hinton you know had uh
I I don't have the perfect quote but I
think you know he felt like radiology
would reduce as an example because you
know AI will get really good at at
looking through radiology images and
>> and the self-driving
And now we still have radiologists
driving to work every day.
>> Oh, sure. I think it was that.
>> Oh, yeah. So, so um what also happens is
these other things that that occur,
right? So, like we might have like AI
that gets the radiologist 90% of the way
there to like look at the right thing or
get some suggestions. At the exact same
time, what what that's meaning is we're
doing vastly more imaging. We're we're
doing vastly more scanning. Way more
people now can go do it.
>> More accessible
>> and it's more accessible. And so so
actually now the demands on that role
end up increasing as a result of that.
So there's a lot of parts of the market
where where actually AI facilitates
lowering the barrier to doing that work
and by lowering the barrier to doing
that work more people participate in it
and as more people participate in it a
new constraint gets kind of backed up
that now real people need to go and kind
of you know get involved in or or go and
work on. M yeah I feel like the more I
play with AI agents I do realize that I
need a person at the beginning of the
process and the end of the process so I
still end up having more people.
>> Yeah. And and and again it's just like a
question of like how many roles do you
want to play within your company or your
team?
>> Like do you want to play designer,
developer, marketer, strategist, sales
rep? No, you're just like ah I just want
to sleep at some point. So yeah, the
solo entrepreneur is already used to
that cuz was you know we or they have
been doing that forever. Like when I did
uh startups before box and I was a solo
founder like man I you had to do 10
things and you're like you're so tired
and if I could have ever hired somebody
to go do half of those things I would
have. So does could AI allow us to get
these companies to a little bit more
scale to the point where then you can
hire that next person? That's that's
more of where where I think this would
go. And do you think it's the best time
to start a company? Now,
>> I'm kind of a stickler for this one key
point, which is it's only the best time
to start a company if you've got a a
great idea. Um, I think that great ideas
can exist in in any kind of period of
time. But I'm not in the camp of just
like everybody should start companies.
Um, uh, because because it's a I mean,
you know, it's like it's like really
hard work. It's it's extremely
stressful. You're working like mad. I
don't think that people should feel
pressured into into starting something
because because it's it's one of these
windows. When I say it's one of these
windows, it's it's just to reinforce the
point that like this is the moment where
the best ideas probably will get built.
That doesn't mean that you should start
one. It just mean
>> doesn't mean you have to rush yourself
to starting now.
>> Yeah. Because if you if you rush
yourself to starting a bad idea with one
of these moments, you're no better off.
So, I would say it's a it's a it's a
good moment. You have an incredible
amount of leverage. That also comes with
more competition.
>> Yeah. Um because because basically by
lowering the barrier of of getting ideas
out in the market, what do you get? You
get more competing ideas. If you get
more competing ideas, that's more noise
that customers have to deal with. So
interestingly, and back to the jobs
thing again. Interestingly, it's not so
much like now the idea getting the idea
out there that's going to matter. It's
going to be like man, do you have like
do you have somebody talking to
customers? Do you have are you doing
sales? Are you doing marketing? And so
there's a new constraint which is like
the constraint isn't code generation.
The code this constraint is is are you
in front of customers enough and and are
you marketing enough marketing
>> which is a new set of dollars.
>> Yeah. Uh if you could become 19 again
today and start over would you exchange
that uh to what you've currently built
like just start over again. Would you do
that?
>> Am I starting in 2026 or back in 2005?
>> 2026 as a 19year-old. Would you do that
or would you just stay stay put with
what you've done?
>> Oh I see. I see. Well, um I'm the most
excited we've ever been on what we're
doing now.
>> So, I would certainly pursue what we're
currently doing because part of it is
historical, which is, you know, we've
earned the trust of 120,000 customers,
which is a good launch pad for the next
set of things we wanted to go do. Um so,
and then I I just love the the kind of
things that we get to do with customers.
We get to work with every industry and
every size company and we get to help uh
you know space launches and medical
discoveries and blockbuster films get
produced. So like I'm very excited by
what what our platform does with agents.
>> Yeah. Um, at the same time, I have lots
of friends that are doing, you know,
companies and I'm like, "Oh, that's a
really cool idea right now." And it
looks very exciting and and uh and so I
I'm just in a period of of like I'm
impressed and excited by lots of stuff.
Um, while also being again incredibly
stressed constantly.
>> Any jobs that are going to disappear in
the next 5 years? I think there's going
to be work that gets compressed
and and then and I think you're going to
take those people and often re repurpose
for for again more of the agent manager
escalation path or proactive versions of
that work. A very kind of clearly
obvious one is is and this is something
that that companies have always you know
tried to sort of automate to some degree
like like if you're emailing a company
you're saying like I need you to reset
my password that is probably not going
to be a person
>> like customer support right customer
support but even that
>> customer support is this funny one which
is which is like we we we think about it
as a monolithic thing because we call it
customer support there's tiers of
customer support there's like the first
line of customer support that we will
most certainly automate which change
password
>> change password and I don't mean to like
>> you know over minimize that that thing
but like there's a lot of tasks like
that which is like I need to download
this thing I can't log in I have this
issue whatever that we're going to fully
automate
>> but there's a lot of customer support
which is like I need you to get on this
call with me and look at my my specific
problem in my computer and why this
thing isn't working and we just have no
way to automate that.
>> Yeah. like maybe we'll automate like the
next line of the of the set of
questions, but you can't ever you can't
get to the the final thing. I had a I
had a friend have a problem with box two
weeks ago. He just sent me some
screenshots and there's a 0.0 chance
that he would be able to have asked the
question with an agent.
>> So, it had to be you.
>> Well, in this case, it actually it had
to be a senior product manager. I had to
get the senior product manager to the
person, but he couldn't have talked to a
chatbot and answered the question.
>> But what about like bookkeeper?
>> I had I had an issue with with my Mac uh
last week. I spent 10 20 30 minutes on
AI trying to diagnose it. Never never
worked. Had to call it. They had to come
and diagnose it. Couldn't replace that.
>> Oh, okay. What about jobs like
bookkeepers or
>> you know some of these jobs like again
they've they've been on the path already
to to how do you already automate as
much of that away as possible and so
agents kind of are just another
>> sort of layer in that. But again, you
know, sort of the same answer. There's
still always an escalation path
>> because there's always the exception.
There's always the
>> the weird anomaly that occurred. Um, and
you can't have like the thing that you
can't do is I can't moonlight as a
bookkeeper. I can't moonlight as a
lawyer. So, so at some point there still
is this final path in the escalation
which is I may have been able to
automate 90% but you just you still have
that one part. I had this uh I had this
legal question two months ago and I
asked every AI agent the the uh the same
legal question and and every single one
basically gave me the same answer and
then I called a lawyer and they
basically gave me a more uh a much more
uh kind of contextualized answer
>> because they could decide how much risk
I needed I wanted to take on or not take
on.
>> Knowing your personal situation, right?
>> Know they know my personal situation.
And they also know the fact pattern of
like like how does the industry tend to
think about this one thing and all the
AI agents were were giving the the the
the sort of mean answer of that of that
particular topic which is in this case
it's it's like it's the more
conservative answer. It's the thing that
it should be trained against because it
it can't give you the it's not going to
give you the more liberal risky answer.
>> But but when you talk to a lawyer
they're like well actually yeah this
situation won't actually occur.
>> Yeah
>> because because of XYZ fact patterns.
And so those are the kind of things
where like you then are like I want
somebody that has seen 20 years of this
stuff. I don't want a model that was
just like looking at Reddit and and
deciding, you know, how to use it, how
to use that information.
>> Okay. My two last questions. You have a
six-year-old, right?
>> Uh almost seven, but yes. Okay. And four
and and seven and seven and a half
months.
>> Oh, congratulations. Okay. Are they
going to go to college?
>> Shoot. Maybe I shouldn't have leaned in
so much to to to the question. Um uh I
okay I am here here's the one problem
with me um as a B2B enterprise software
person I am like boringly pragmatic and
so I just think change happens more
slowly and and it's funny because I have
this like weird duality which is like I
adopt every tool like I was I was
wearing Google Glass like like in week
two I buy every VR headset like I I lean
into every one of these tools cuz I'm
just like I'm excited As a personal
user, I love technology breakthroughs.
It's amazing. And then I'm like a and
then I go in the real world and I'm just
like, man, that whole system over 300,
500 years that we've we've built up is
like, is that really going to change
because of this one variable? So on the
college thing, I I I struggle because
I'm like, on one hand, from first
principles, it doesn't have to exist. My
seven-year-old, almost seven-year-old,
is already way smarter than I was
because he can every question that comes
to his mind, we're like looking up the
answer right away. Whereas, like I don't
have like a perfect memory of being
seven, but like like I didn't have like
an instant resource for like every
question, but like he wants to know like
how fast a paragan falcon can fly, we
get the answer. He wants to know like
how big the the Atlantic Ocean is, we
get the answer. like like and so he's
just like a sponge for like unlimited
information. on one hand you're like wow
that could probably replace like a lot
of the traditional sort of you know ways
that we think about these institutions
but then you're on on the other hand
you're like well
you know what what is college other than
another four years of high school but
with a little bit more vocational kind
of kind of orientation a network of
people that that you want to be with and
learn with and make make connections
with a kind of transition period into
the real world because you know you're
still kind of young at 18 so So that
then I'm like a pragmatist. I'm like
does that really change in in this like
super intelligence world or is the
curriculum just changing and the format
maybe changes. Um but like does
everybody want to just be at home with
their parents talking to an AI bot? Um
like no. So so it's like I have these
other like you know kind of sort of
counter pressures. Now things that
should and must change like at a at a
socio like societal level is like man
can we have college cost a fifth of what
it does because it's insane. like like
should you really go into debt for 20
years because you went to medical school
or you went to you know get X degree
like that's that's incredibly insane. So
like should we use abundance to to bring
the cost down and and try and do that as
much as possible? Absolutely.
>> Mhm.
>> So there's some things that need to
change about college but does the very
concept change? I I I always I always
struggle with that one.
>> Yeah. Same same here. I feel like as
society we're really slow to just change
dramatically when it comes to
foundations. Uh and college is one of
them. Okay. Last question, advice for
entrepreneurs who are starting today.
>> I I would say just like back to the
earlier point, lean into the tools, like
learn the technology, see what's what's
what's possible with it. Um, make sure
you're riding the tailwind of of what's
happening in technology. Uh, you don't
want to be, you know, kind of hitting a
headwind uh where you're kind of going
against the grain of the AI. You want to
be like riding the the AI wave out. Um,
which can mean a number of things. It
might mean do things that actually in a
world of AI become more important
because people don't want AI to do that
thing. So it's like it's like this
counterintuitive like riding the AI wave
might mean do a live events business
like
>> that's what a lot of people are doing.
>> Yeah. Like like do something where we
will appreciate this other thing in the
economy because AI is sort of so
abundant or or um uh AI makes getting
healthc care questions answered so
quickly. So you should probably be doing
hospitals like because now more people
are going to be you know go like like
actually needing
>> wellness clinics
>> wellness clinics like like so there's
just like so sometimes it's a technology
thing that you do sometimes it's a thing
that the technology sort of is is
related to an underlying broader
societal trend that will become more
important as well of these you know
consulting businesses that helps deploy
the AI. Um I I just think there's going
to be like build a child care service
cuz we're all sort of our brains are
exploding and we need help with kids.
Like there's all this kind of stuff that
that uh that is going to need to exist.
>> Yeah. Thank you so much. I I like your
positivity especially after talking to
some scientists on this podcast.
>> Thank you. Thanks a lot.